hey guys so I thought I would kind of
show you how I do my makeup every guy
really wanted to do a make it or not a
makeup tutorial but a makeup
organization video and then I realized
my makeup is not organized at all so
once i get that little situation under
control i'll probably do a video on
until then this was what I thought so
starting off um with foundation I like
to keep things very light though I kind
of rotate between these two foundations
and this one is the tart amazon clay BB
tinted moisturizer and then this other
one is the josie maran argan matchmaker
serum foundation the josie maran one has
a little bit more coverage so sometimes
if i'm feeling like i need a little bit
more than then the BB cream then all you
so starting off at today i'm going to
use the tart BB cream so we're going to
put the even though i do need a little
more coverage but i really like this one
so we'll just go ahead and put some
about on yeah i just apply it with my
hands and it goes on pretty thick but
then it blends really well already and
then um next up I'm going to use my
concealer i use the mac select cover up
in nw20 and usually i just use my
fingers since i don't usually have
committee breakouts um but right now
i'll use my fingers when i put it under
my eyes and kind of right around my nose
here and then um when I cover up my
pimples then I'll go ahead and use a
brush because using a brush rather than
your fingers you get a little bit more
coverage alright and then I'm going to
take my my Real Techniques detailer
brush and I'm just going to
use this brush to hire people here it
was weird i don't know what happened
with my forehead i wore my bangs down
and i think it's the products i use in
my hair so i switched to a different
shampoo and it just made me break out
when I wore my bangs down I think we got
everything alright and then after that
I'm going to take my Revlon nearly naked
in the color 010 fair and i'm just going
to take my brush and put some powder on
top of everything just to kind of set it
a little bit alrighty and then i'm going
to move on to my blush i use the Milani
05 luminoso it's a one of their baked
blushes then I'm just going to put this
on the apple of my cheeks already and
that is that and then what I'm going to
next is move on to my eyes I'm gonna
take my Rimmel specialized precision
eyeliner in Z 1161 black magic and I'm
just gonna line the water line on my
eyes and then I'm going to take and I
don't always line the top of my eyelid
sometimes if i'm feeling a little tired
or what i want my eyes to look a little
more open or a little just a little bit
darker then i'll go ahead and line the
tops
alright and then what I'm going to do is
I'm going to take my naked palette and
I'm going to take a tangled brush and
I'm going to use the color dark horse
it's this color right here and I'm just
going to go along the top right over the
eyeliner and this kind of just softens
up the eyeliner
and then I'm going to bring it down here
on the bottom a little bit as well
I'm ready and that's um and then I'm
going to use the scandalous eyes by
Rimmel the show off in extreme black and
I just recently got this mascara and I
have to say I kind of like it it's
really light like it doesn't make your
lashes feel really clumpy like you
almost feel like you don't have any
mascara on but it does make them really
thick and full and it lengthens them as
well um the only thing I think I don't
like is it's a synthetic brush and um
this might sound kind of weird but you
can like hear it on your eyelashes when
you're putting it on and I don't really
like that I mound might be just a weird
thing that's me like it's just kind of
freaked me out a little bit but all
right and then we'll put this on the top
eyelashes already and there we go with
the mascara and then last but not least
I'm going to do my lips um I kind of
alternate between these two lipsticks
this one is um lipstick by L'Oreal it's
eternally nude it's this guy sometimes
I'll use my NYX 828 ever ever ever ever
ever had I know I'll line my lips with
this and then fill it in with um the
NARS dolce vita so I'll do these two or
I'll do this one today I'm going to use
the l'oreal one and this one is like a
super light stain it's like in between a
stain and a lipstick
alrighty and there we go and that
completes a my everyday makeup routine
thanks for watching everybody bye